!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
ADDRESSES_RETURNED	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private static final int ADDRESSES_RETURNED = 4096; \/\/ Way more than DNSSeeds will return, so that we can maybe hide them$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
ADDRESSES_RETURNED	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private static final int ADDRESSES_RETURNED = 128;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
AddressSet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    class AddressSet extends HashSet<PeerData> {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
AddressSet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    class AddressSet extends HashSet<PeerData> {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
DnsDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public DnsDiscovery(NetworkParameters netParams) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
DnsDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public DnsDiscovery(String[] dnsSeeds, NetworkParameters netParams) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
DnsDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^public class DnsDiscovery implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
DnsDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public DnsDiscovery(NetworkParameters netParams) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
DnsDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public DnsDiscovery(String[] dnsSeeds, NetworkParameters netParams) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
DnsDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^public class DnsDiscovery implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
IrcDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public IrcDiscovery(String channel) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
IrcDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public IrcDiscovery(String channel, String server, int port) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
IrcDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^public class IrcDiscovery implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
IrcDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public IrcDiscovery(String channel) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
IrcDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public IrcDiscovery(String channel, String server, int port) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
IrcDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^public class IrcDiscovery implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
MAX_ADDRESSES_FACTOR	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private static final int MAX_ADDRESSES_FACTOR = 8; \/\/ Only ever return at max 1\/8th the total addresses we have$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
MAX_ADDRESSES_FACTOR	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private static final int MAX_ADDRESSES_FACTOR = 8; \/\/ Only ever return at max 1\/8th the total addresses we have$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
MAX_SET_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    static final int MAX_SET_SIZE = 128;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
MAX_SET_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    static final int MAX_SET_SIZE = 16;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
PeerDBDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public PeerDBDiscovery(NetworkParameters params, File db, PeerGroup group) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
PeerDBDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^public class PeerDBDiscovery implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerDBDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public PeerDBDiscovery(NetworkParameters params, File db, PeerGroup group) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
PeerDBDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^public class PeerDBDiscovery implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        PeerData(InputStream input) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
PeerData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        PeerData(PeerAddress address) { this.address = address; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
PeerData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    class PeerData {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
PeerData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        PeerData(InputStream input) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
PeerData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        PeerData(PeerAddress address) { this.address = address; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
PeerData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    class PeerData {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
PeerDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^public interface PeerDiscovery {$/;"	i	language:Java
PeerDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^public interface PeerDiscovery {$/;"	i	language:Java
SETS_PER_SOURCE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    static final int SETS_PER_SOURCE = 16;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
SETS_PER_SOURCE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    static final int SETS_PER_SOURCE = 8;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
SeedPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    public SeedPeers(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers
SeedPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^public class SeedPeers implements PeerDiscovery {$/;"	c	language:Java
TOTAL_SETS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    static final int TOTAL_SETS = 256;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
TOTAL_SETS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    static final int TOTAL_SETS = 128;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
add	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        public boolean add(PeerData peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.AddressSet
add	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        public boolean add(PeerData peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.AddressSet
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private synchronized PeerData addAddress(PeerAddress address, PeerAddress from) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private synchronized PeerData addAddress(PeerAddress address, PeerAddress from) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
address	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         PeerAddress address;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
address	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         PeerAddress address;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
addressBuckets	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    @GuardedBy("this") List<AddressSet> addressBuckets = new ArrayList<AddressSet>(TOTAL_SETS);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
addressBuckets	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    @GuardedBy("this") List<AddressSet> addressBuckets = new ArrayList<AddressSet>(TOTAL_SETS);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
addressToSetMap	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    @GuardedBy("this") Map<InetAddress, PeerData> addressToSetMap = new HashMap<InetAddress, PeerData>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
addressToSetMap	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    @GuardedBy("this") Map<InetAddress, PeerData> addressToSetMap = new HashMap<InetAddress, PeerData>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
allPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    private InetSocketAddress[] allPeers() throws UnknownHostException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers	file:
channel	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private String channel;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
channel	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private String channel;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
checkLineStatus	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private static boolean checkLineStatus(String statusCode, String response) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
checkLineStatus	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private static boolean checkLineStatus(String statusCode, String response) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.net.discovery;$/;"	p	language:Java
connected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized void connected() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
connected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized void connected() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
connection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private Socket connection;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
connection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private Socket connection;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
convertAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    private InetAddress convertAddress(int seed) throws UnknownHostException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers	file:
db	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private final File db;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
db	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private final File db;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
disconnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized void disconnected() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
disconnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized void disconnected() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
dnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    private final String[] dnsSeeds;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery	file:
dnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    private final String[] dnsSeeds;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery	file:
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        @Override public synchronized boolean equals(Object o) { return (o instanceof PeerData) && ((PeerData) o).address.toSocketAddress().equals(address.toSocketAddress()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        @Override public synchronized boolean equals(Object o) { return (o instanceof PeerData) && ((PeerData) o).address.toSocketAddress().equals(address.toSocketAddress()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
getPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress getPeer() throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public synchronized InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^    InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:PeerDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public synchronized InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^    InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:PeerDiscovery
getPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress[] getPeers(long timeoutValue, TimeUnit timeoutUnit) throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        @Override public synchronized int hashCode() { return (int) (address.toSocketAddress().hashCode() ^ rotatingRandomKey); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        @Override public synchronized int hashCode() { return (int) (address.toSocketAddress().hashCode() ^ rotatingRandomKey); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
isBackup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public boolean isBackup() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
isBad	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized boolean isBad() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
isBad	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized boolean isBad() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
lastConnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         @GuardedBy("this") long lastConnected = 0; \/\/ Last time we successfully connected to this node$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
lastConnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         @GuardedBy("this") long lastConnected = 0; \/\/ Last time we successfully connected to this node$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
listenForPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public void listenForPeers(PeerGroup group) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
listenForPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    public void listenForPeers(PeerGroup group) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(DnsDiscovery.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(IrcDiscovery.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private static final org.slf4j.Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(PeerDBDiscovery.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(DnsDiscovery.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(IrcDiscovery.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private static final org.slf4j.Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(PeerDBDiscovery.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
logAndSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private void logAndSend(String command) throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
logAndSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private void logAndSend(String command) throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
maybeLoadFromFile	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private synchronized boolean maybeLoadFromFile(File f) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
maybeLoadFromFile	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private synchronized boolean maybeLoadFromFile(File f) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
netParams	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    private final NetworkParameters netParams;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery	file:
netParams	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    private final NetworkParameters netParams;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery	file:
nextPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    private InetSocketAddress nextPeer() throws UnknownHostException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers	file:
onIRCReceive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    protected void onIRCReceive(String message) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
onIRCReceive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    protected void onIRCReceive(String message) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
onIRCSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    protected void onIRCSend(String message) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
onIRCSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    protected void onIRCSend(String message) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    private NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SeedPeers	file:
parseUserList	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    static ArrayList<InetSocketAddress> parseUserList(String[] userNames) throws UnknownHostException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
parseUserList	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    static ArrayList<InetSocketAddress> parseUserList(String[] userNames) throws UnknownHostException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
pnseedIndex	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    private int pnseedIndex;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SeedPeers	file:
port	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private int port = 6667;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
port	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private int port = 6667;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
randomKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private long randomKey;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
randomKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private long randomKey;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
rotatingRandomKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private long rotatingRandomKey = new Random(Utils.currentTimeMillis()).nextLong();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
rotatingRandomKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private long rotatingRandomKey = new Random(Utils.currentTimeMillis()).nextLong();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
saveToFile	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private synchronized void saveToFile(File f) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
saveToFile	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private synchronized void saveToFile(File f) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
seedAddrs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    public static int[] seedAddrs =$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SeedPeers
server	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private String server;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
server	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private String server;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    @Override public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^    void shutdown();$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:PeerDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/DnsDiscovery.java	/^    public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:DnsDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    @Override public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDiscovery.java	/^    void shutdown();$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:PeerDiscovery
shutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/SeedPeers.java	/^    public void shutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SeedPeers
triedSinceLastConnection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         @GuardedBy("this") long triedSinceLastConnection = 0; \/\/ Number of times we've tried to connect to this node since the last success$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
triedSinceLastConnection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         @GuardedBy("this") long triedSinceLastConnection = 0; \/\/ Number of times we've tried to connect to this node since the last success$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
vTimeLastHeard	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         \/*@GuardedBy("super")*\/ volatile long vTimeLastHeard = Utils.currentTimeMillis(); \/\/ Last time we heard of this node (ie a peer told us about it\/we connected to it)$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
vTimeLastHeard	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^         \/*@GuardedBy("super")*\/ volatile long vTimeLastHeard = Utils.currentTimeMillis(); \/\/ Last time we heard of this node (ie a peer told us about it\/we connected to it)$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
write	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized void write(OutputStream s) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
write	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^        synchronized void write(OutputStream s) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery.PeerData
writeAddressGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private void writeAddressGroup(PeerAddress address, OutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
writeAddressGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/PeerDBDiscovery.java	/^    private void writeAddressGroup(PeerAddress address, OutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerDBDiscovery	file:
writer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private BufferedWriter writer = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
writer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/net/discovery/IrcDiscovery.java	/^    private BufferedWriter writer = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:IrcDiscovery	file:
