!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
BlockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^public interface BlockStore {$/;"	i	language:Java
DEFAULT_NUM_HEADERS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_NUM_HEADERS = 5000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
FILE_PROLOGUE_BYTES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected static final int FILE_PROLOGUE_BYTES = 1024;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
GENESIS_MINI_HASH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private static String GENESIS_MINI_HASH = "3fd7ba4cdd47e969d1ef0412dc9d2175"; $/;"	f	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
HEADER_MAGIC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public static final String HEADER_MAGIC = "SPVB";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
RECORD_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected static final int RECORD_SIZE = 32 \/* hash *\/ + StoredBlock.COMPACT_SERIALIZED_SIZE;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
SPVBlockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public SPVBlockStore(NetworkParameters params, File file) throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
SPVBlockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^public class SPVBlockStore implements BlockStore {$/;"	c	language:Java
VALID_HASHES_URL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private static URL VALID_HASHES_URL;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
ValidHashStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^public class ValidHashStore {$/;"	c	language:Java
ValidHashStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	public ValidHashStore(File filePath) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore
ValidHashStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^public class ValidHashStore {$/;"	c	language:Java
blockCache	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected LinkedHashMap<Sha256Hash, StoredBlock> blockCache = new LinkedHashMap<Sha256Hash, StoredBlock>() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
buffer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected volatile MappedByteBuffer buffer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
close	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^    void close() throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:BlockStore
close	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public void close() throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
close	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	public void close(){$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.store;$/;"	p	language:Java
fileLock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected FileLock fileLock = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
filePath	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private File filePath;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
get	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^    StoredBlock get(Sha256Hash hash) throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:BlockStore
get	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public StoredBlock get(Sha256Hash hash) throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
getChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^    StoredBlock getChainHead() throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:BlockStore
getChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public StoredBlock getChainHead() throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
getFileSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public int getFileSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
getOutputStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private BufferedOutputStream getOutputStream() throws FileNotFoundException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
getRingCursor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    private int getRingCursor(ByteBuffer buffer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore	file:
index	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	int index;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore
initNewStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    private void initNewStore(NetworkParameters params) throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore	file:
initialFind	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	boolean initialFind = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore
isInValidHashes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private boolean isInValidHashes(byte[] cmpHash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
isValidHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	public boolean isValidHash(Sha256Hash hash, AbstractBlockChain blockChain, boolean waitForServer) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore
lastChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected StoredBlock lastChainHead = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected ReentrantLock lock = Threading.lock("SPVBlockStore");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(SPVBlockStore.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore	file:
notFoundCache	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected LinkedHashMap<Sha256Hash, Object> notFoundCache = new LinkedHashMap<Sha256Hash, Object>() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
notFoundMarker	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected static final Object notFoundMarker = new Object();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
numHeaders	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected int numHeaders;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
put	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^    void put(StoredBlock block) throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:BlockStore
put	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public void put(StoredBlock block) throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
randomAccessFile	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    protected RandomAccessFile randomAccessFile = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
setChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/BlockStore.java	/^    void setChainHead(StoredBlock chainHead) throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:BlockStore
setChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    public void setChainHead(StoredBlock chainHead) throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore
setRingCursor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/store/SPVBlockStore.java	/^    private void setRingCursor(ByteBuffer buffer, int newCursor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SPVBlockStore	file:
validHashesArray	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private ArrayList<byte[]> validHashesArray = new ArrayList<byte[]>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
writeHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/store/ValidHashStore.java	/^	private void writeHash(byte[] hash, BufferedOutputStream file) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ValidHashStore	file:
