!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
ALL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        ALL,         \/\/ 1$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.SigHash	file:
ALLOWED_TIME_DRIFT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    static final long ALLOWED_TIME_DRIFT = 2 * 60 * 60; \/\/ Same value as official client.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
AbstractBlockChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public AbstractBlockChain(NetworkParameters params, List<BlockChainListener> listeners,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
AbstractBlockChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^public abstract class AbstractBlockChain {$/;"	c	language:Java
AddressMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    AddressMessage(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payload) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
AddressMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    AddressMessage(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payload, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain, int length) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
AddressMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    AddressMessage(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payload, int offset) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
AddressMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    AddressMessage(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payload, int offset, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain, int length) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
AddressMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    public AddressMessage(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
AddressMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^public class AddressMessage extends Message {$/;"	c	language:Java
AddressReliable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/AddressReliable.java	/^public class AddressReliable extends InetSocketAddress {$/;"	c	language:Java
BEST_CHAIN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^        BEST_CHAIN,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:AbstractBlockChain.NewBlockType	file:
BIP16_ENFORCE_TIME	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int BIP16_ENFORCE_TIME = 1333238400;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
BIP16_ENFORCE_TIME	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int BIP16_ENFORCE_TIME = 1333238400;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
BIP16_ENFORCE_TIME	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int BIP16_ENFORCE_TIME = 1333238400;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
Block	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    Block(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
Block	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payloadBytes) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
Block	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payloadBytes, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain, int length)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
Block	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block(NetworkParameters params, long version, Sha256Hash prevBlockHash, Sha256Hash merkleRoot, long time,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
Block	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^public class Block extends Message {$/;"	c	language:Java
CENT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static final BigInteger CENT = new BigInteger("100", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils
COIN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static final BigInteger COIN = new BigInteger("10000", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils
COMMAND_LEN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private static final int COMMAND_LEN = 12;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
COMMAND_LEN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private static final int COMMAND_LEN = 12;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
CheckpointManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    public CheckpointManager(NetworkParameters params, InputStream inputStream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
CheckpointManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^public class CheckpointManager {$/;"	c	language:Java
CoinType	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public enum CoinType {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:Transaction
DEFAULT_BLOOM_FILTER_FP_RATE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final double DEFAULT_BLOOM_FILTER_FP_RATE = 0.0005;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
DEFAULT_BLOOM_FILTER_FP_RATE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final double DEFAULT_BLOOM_FILTER_FP_RATE = 0.0005;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
DEFAULT_CONNECTIONS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private static final int DEFAULT_CONNECTIONS = 4;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
DEFAULT_CONNECTIONS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private static final int DEFAULT_CONNECTIONS = 4;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
DEFAULT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MILLIS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MILLIS = 5000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
DEFAULT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MILLIS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MILLIS = 8000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
DEFAULT_PING_INTERVAL_MSEC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final long DEFAULT_PING_INTERVAL_MSEC = 2000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
DEFAULT_PING_INTERVAL_MSEC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final long DEFAULT_PING_INTERVAL_MSEC = 2000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
DONT_SEND	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        DONT_SEND,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PeerGroup.FilterRecalculateMode	file:
EASIEST_DIFFICULTY_TARGET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public static final long EASIEST_DIFFICULTY_TARGET = 0x207fFFFFL;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
EMPTY_BYTES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    static final byte[] EMPTY_BYTES = new byte[32];$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
FORCE_SEND	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        FORCE_SEND,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PeerGroup.FilterRecalculateMode	file:
FP_ESTIMATOR_ALPHA	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public static final double FP_ESTIMATOR_ALPHA = 0.0001;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
FP_ESTIMATOR_BETA	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public static final double FP_ESTIMATOR_BETA = 0.01;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
FilterRecalculateMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static enum FilterRecalculateMode {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
FilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public FilteredBlock(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payloadBytes) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
FilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^public class FilteredBlock extends Message {$/;"	c	language:Java
GetDataRequest	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static class GetDataRequest {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Peer
GetDataRequest	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static class GetDataRequest {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Peer
HEADER_LENGTH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public static final int HEADER_LENGTH = COMMAND_LEN + 4 + 4;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
HEADER_LENGTH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public static final int HEADER_LENGTH = COMMAND_LEN + 4 + 4;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
HEADER_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public static final int HEADER_SIZE = 80;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
ID_MAINNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String ID_MAINNET = "org.nubits.production";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
ID_MAINNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String ID_MAINNET = "org.nubits.production";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
ID_MAINNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String ID_MAINNET = "org.nubits.production";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
ID_UNITTESTNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String ID_UNITTESTNET = "com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.unittest";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
ID_UNITTESTNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String ID_UNITTESTNET = "com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.unittest";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
ID_UNITTESTNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String ID_UNITTESTNET = "com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.unittest";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
INTERVAL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int INTERVAL = TARGET_TIMESPAN \/ TARGET_SPACING;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
INTERVAL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int INTERVAL = 1; \/\/ Every block$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
INTERVAL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int INTERVAL = 1; \/\/ Every block$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
KEY_ROTATION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        KEY_ROTATION,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.Purpose	file:
LARGEST_HASH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    static private BigInteger LARGEST_HASH = BigInteger.ONE.shiftLeft(256);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
LOCKTIME_THRESHOLD	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public static final int LOCKTIME_THRESHOLD = 500000000; \/\/ Tue Nov  5 00:53:20 1985 UTC$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction
LazyParseException	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^        public LazyParseException(String message) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message.LazyParseException
LazyParseException	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^        public LazyParseException(String message, Throwable cause) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message.LazyParseException
LazyParseException	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public static class LazyParseException extends RuntimeException {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Message
MAX_ADDRESSES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    private static final long MAX_ADDRESSES = 1024;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AddressMessage	file:
MAX_BLOCK_SIGOPS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public static final int MAX_BLOCK_SIGOPS = MAX_BLOCK_SIZE \/ 50;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
MAX_BLOCK_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public static final int MAX_BLOCK_SIZE = 1 * 1000 * 1000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
MAX_FP_RATE_INCREASE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final double MAX_FP_RATE_INCREASE = 2.0f;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
MAX_FP_RATE_INCREASE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static final double MAX_FP_RATE_INCREASE = 2.0f;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
MAX_MONEY	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final BigInteger MAX_MONEY = new BigInteger("2000000000", 10).multiply(COIN);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
MAX_MONEY	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final BigInteger MAX_MONEY = new BigInteger("200000000000", 10).multiply(COIN);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
MAX_MONEY	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final BigInteger MAX_MONEY = new BigInteger("2000000000", 10).multiply(COIN);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
MAX_SIGNATURES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    private static final int MAX_SIGNATURES = 256;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager	file:
MAX_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public static final int MAX_SIZE = 0x02000000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
MAX_STANDARD_TX_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public static final int MAX_STANDARD_TX_SIZE = 100 * 1024;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction
MESSAGE_SIZE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    static final int MESSAGE_SIZE = 30;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
MIN_NONDUST_OUTPUT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public static final BigInteger MIN_NONDUST_OUTPUT = BigInteger.valueOf(10000);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction
MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public static final int MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION = 70000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NotFoundMessage.java	/^    public static int MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION = 70001;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NotFoundMessage
MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    public static final int MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION = 60001;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Pong
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    Message(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    Message(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, int offset) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    Message(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, int offset, final boolean parseLazy, final boolean parseRetain, int length) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    Message(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, int offset, int protocolVersion) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    Message(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, int offset, int protocolVersion, final boolean parseLazy,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected Message() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
Message	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^public abstract class Message implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
NEGATIVE_ONE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static final BigInteger NEGATIVE_ONE = BigInteger.valueOf(-1);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils
NONE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        NONE,        \/\/ 2$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.SigHash	file:
NUBITS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        NUBITS("B"),$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.CoinType	file:
NUSHARES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        NUSHARES("S"),$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.CoinType	file:
NetworkParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected NetworkParameters() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
NetworkParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^public abstract class NetworkParameters implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
NetworkParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected NetworkParameters() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
NetworkParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^public abstract class NetworkParameters implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
NetworkParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected NetworkParameters() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
NetworkParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^public abstract class NetworkParameters implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
NewBlockType	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public enum NewBlockType {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
NotFoundMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NotFoundMessage.java	/^    public NotFoundMessage(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NotFoundMessage
NotFoundMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NotFoundMessage.java	/^    public NotFoundMessage(NetworkParameters params, List<InventoryItem> items) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NotFoundMessage
NotFoundMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NotFoundMessage.java	/^    public NotFoundMessage(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payloadBytes) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NotFoundMessage
NotFoundMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NotFoundMessage.java	/^public class NotFoundMessage extends InventoryMessage {$/;"	c	language:Java
NubitsPacketHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public NubitsPacketHeader(ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, BufferUnderflowException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
NubitsPacketHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public static class NubitsPacketHeader {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
NubitsPacketHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public NubitsPacketHeader(ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, BufferUnderflowException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
NubitsPacketHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public static class NubitsPacketHeader {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
NubitsSerializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public NubitsSerializer(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
NubitsSerializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public NubitsSerializer(NetworkParameters params, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
NubitsSerializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^public class NubitsSerializer {$/;"	c	language:Java
NubitsSerializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public NubitsSerializer(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
NubitsSerializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public NubitsSerializer(NetworkParameters params, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
NubitsSerializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^public class NubitsSerializer {$/;"	c	language:Java
Nubits_SIGNED_MESSAGE_HEADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static final String Nubits_SIGNED_MESSAGE_HEADER = "Nubits Signed Message:\\n";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils
Nubits_SIGNED_MESSAGE_HEADER_BYTES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static final byte[] Nubits_SIGNED_MESSAGE_HEADER_BYTES = Nubits_SIGNED_MESSAGE_HEADER.getBytes(Charsets.UTF_8);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils
OrphanBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^        OrphanBlock(Block block, @Nullable List<Sha256Hash> filteredTxHashes, @Nullable Map<Sha256Hash, Transaction> filteredTxn) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain.OrphanBlock
OrphanBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    class OrphanBlock {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
PAYMENT_PROTOCOL_ID_MAINNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String PAYMENT_PROTOCOL_ID_MAINNET = "main";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PAYMENT_PROTOCOL_ID_MAINNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String PAYMENT_PROTOCOL_ID_MAINNET = "main";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PAYMENT_PROTOCOL_ID_MAINNET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final String PAYMENT_PROTOCOL_ID_MAINNET = "main";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PING_MOVING_AVERAGE_WINDOW	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static final int PING_MOVING_AVERAGE_WINDOW = 20;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
PING_MOVING_AVERAGE_WINDOW	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static final int PING_MOVING_AVERAGE_WINDOW = 20;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
PREMINE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final BigInteger PREMINE = new BigInteger("380000000", 10).multiply(COIN);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PREMINE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final BigInteger PREMINE = new BigInteger("380000000", 10).multiply(COIN);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PROTOCOL_VERSION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int PROTOCOL_VERSION = 60012;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PROTOCOL_VERSION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int PROTOCOL_VERSION = 50000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
PROTOCOL_VERSION	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int PROTOCOL_VERSION = 60012;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
Pair	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^        public Pair(int item, int count) { this.count = count; this.item = item; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils.Pair
Pair	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    private static class Pair implements Comparable<Pair> {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Utils
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, AbstractBlockChain blockChain, PeerAddress peerAddress, String thisSoftwareName, String thisSoftwareVersion) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, VersionMessage ver, @Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain, PeerAddress remoteAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, VersionMessage ver, PeerAddress remoteAddress,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^public class Peer extends PeerSocketHandler {$/;"	c	language:Java
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, AbstractBlockChain blockChain, PeerAddress peerAddress, String thisSoftwareName, String thisSoftwareVersion) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, VersionMessage ver, @Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain, PeerAddress remoteAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, VersionMessage ver, PeerAddress remoteAddress,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public Peer(NetworkParameters params, VersionMessage ver,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
Peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^public class Peer extends PeerSocketHandler {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public PeerAddress(InetAddress addr) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public PeerAddress(InetAddress addr, int port) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public PeerAddress(InetAddress addr, int port, int protocolVersion) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public PeerAddress(InetSocketAddress addr) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public PeerAddress(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, int offset, int protocolVersion, Message parent, boolean parseLazy,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public PeerAddress(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payload, int offset, int protocolVersion) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
PeerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^public class PeerAddress extends ChildMessage {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerAndPing	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private static class PeerAndPing {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public PeerGroup(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public PeerGroup(NetworkParameters params, @Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public PeerGroup(NetworkParameters params, @Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain, ClientConnectionManager connectionManager) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^public class PeerGroup extends AbstractExecutionThreadService implements TransactionBroadcaster {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public PeerGroup(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public PeerGroup(NetworkParameters params, @Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public PeerGroup(NetworkParameters params, @Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain, ClientConnectionManager connectionManager) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^public class PeerGroup extends AbstractExecutionThreadService implements TransactionBroadcaster {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerListenerRegistration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public PeerListenerRegistration(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PeerListenerRegistration
PeerListenerRegistration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public PeerListenerRegistration(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor, boolean callOnDisconnect) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PeerListenerRegistration
PeerListenerRegistration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    static class PeerListenerRegistration extends ListenerRegistration<PeerEventListener> {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Peer
PeerListenerRegistration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public PeerListenerRegistration(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PeerListenerRegistration
PeerListenerRegistration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public PeerListenerRegistration(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor, boolean callOnDisconnect) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PeerListenerRegistration
PeerListenerRegistration	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    static class PeerListenerRegistration extends ListenerRegistration<PeerEventListener> {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Peer
PeerSocketHandler	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public PeerSocketHandler(NetworkParameters params, InetSocketAddress remoteIp) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
PeerSocketHandler	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public PeerSocketHandler(NetworkParameters params, PeerAddress peerAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
PeerSocketHandler	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^public abstract class PeerSocketHandler extends AbstractTimeoutHandler implements StreamParser {$/;"	c	language:Java
PeerStartupListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private class PeerStartupListener extends AbstractPeerEventListener {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PeerStartupListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private class PeerStartupListener extends AbstractPeerEventListener {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
PendingPing	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public PendingPing(long nonce) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
PendingPing	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private class PendingPing {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Peer
PendingPing	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public PendingPing(long nonce) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
PendingPing	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private class PendingPing {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:Peer
Pong	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    public Pong(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payloadBytes) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Pong
Pong	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    public Pong(long nonce) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Pong
Pong	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^public class Pong extends Message {$/;"	c	language:Java
Purpose	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public enum Purpose {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:Transaction
REFERENCE_DEFAULT_MIN_TX_FEE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public static final BigInteger REFERENCE_DEFAULT_MIN_TX_FEE = BigInteger.valueOf(10000);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction
RESEND_BLOOM_FILTER_BLOCK_COUNT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static final int RESEND_BLOOM_FILTER_BLOCK_COUNT = 25000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
RESEND_BLOOM_FILTER_BLOCK_COUNT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static final int RESEND_BLOOM_FILTER_BLOCK_COUNT = 25000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
SATOSHI_KEY	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final byte[] SATOSHI_KEY = Hex.decode("0266b8ff4762b419904654f2cab922a10613e15c2cbdeda2617380f2da428c2f57");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
SATOSHI_KEY	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final byte[] SATOSHI_KEY = Hex.decode("0266b8ff4762b419904654f2cab922a10613e15c2cbdeda2617380f2da428c2f57");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
SELF_CHECK	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    private static final boolean SELF_CHECK = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message	file:
SEND_IF_CHANGED	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        SEND_IF_CHANGED,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PeerGroup.FilterRecalculateMode	file:
SIDE_CHAIN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^        SIDE_CHAIN$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:AbstractBlockChain.NewBlockType	file:
SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY_VALUE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public static final byte SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY_VALUE = (byte) 0x80;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction
SINGLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        SINGLE,      \/\/ 3$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.SigHash	file:
SigHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public enum SigHash {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:Transaction
TARGET_SPACING	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int TARGET_SPACING = 8 * 60;  \/\/ 8 minutes per block.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
TARGET_SPACING	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int TARGET_SPACING = 10 * 60;  \/\/ 10 minutes per block.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
TARGET_SPACING	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int TARGET_SPACING = 10 * 60;  \/\/ 10 minutes per block.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
TARGET_TIMESPAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int TARGET_TIMESPAN = 24 * 60 * 60;  \/\/ 1 day.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
TARGET_TIMESPAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int TARGET_TIMESPAN = 7 * 24 * 60 * 60;  \/\/ 1 day.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
TARGET_TIMESPAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static final int TARGET_TIMESPAN = 7 * 24 * 60 * 60;  \/\/ 1 day.$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Transaction(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Transaction(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, @Nullable Message parent, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain, int length)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Transaction(NetworkParameters params, byte[] msg, int offset, @Nullable Message parent, boolean parseLazy, boolean parseRetain, int length)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Transaction(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payload, int offset) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Transaction(NetworkParameters params, byte[] payloadBytes) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Transaction(NetworkParameters params, int version, Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
Transaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^public class Transaction extends ChildMessage implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
UNKNOWN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        UNKNOWN,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.Purpose	file:
UNKNOWN_LENGTH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public static final int UNKNOWN_LENGTH = Integer.MIN_VALUE;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
USER_PAYMENT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^        USER_PAYMENT,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:Transaction.Purpose	file:
Utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^public class Utils {$/;"	c	language:Java
acceptableAddressCodes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int[] acceptableAddressCodes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
acceptableAddressCodes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int[] acceptableAddressCodes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
acceptableAddressCodes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int[] acceptableAddressCodes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
add	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private boolean add(Block block, boolean tryConnecting,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
add	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public boolean add(Block block) throws VerificationException, PrunedException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
add	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public boolean add(FilteredBlock block) throws VerificationException, PrunedException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    public void addAddress(PeerAddress address) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addAddress(InetAddress address) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addAddress(PeerAddress peerAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addAddress(InetAddress address) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addAddress(PeerAddress peerAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addBackup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void addBackup(PeerAddress peerAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
addBlockAppearance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void addBlockAppearance(final Sha256Hash blockHash, int relativityOffset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addCoinbaseTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    void addCoinbaseTransaction(byte[] pubKeyTo, BigInteger value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addEventListener(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addEventListenerWithoutOnDisconnect	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    void addEventListenerWithoutOnDisconnect(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addEventListenerWithoutOnDisconnect	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    void addEventListenerWithoutOnDisconnect(PeerEventListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addInactive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void addInactive(PeerAddress peerAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
addInactive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void addInactive(PeerAddress peerAddress) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
addInput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionInput addInput(TransactionInput input) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addInput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionInput addInput(TransactionOutput from) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public void addListener(BlockChainListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
addListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public void addListener(BlockChainListener listener, Executor executor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
addOutput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionOutput addOutput(BigInteger value, Address address) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addOutput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionOutput addOutput(BigInteger value, ECKey pubkey) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addOutput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionOutput addOutput(BigInteger value, Script script) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addOutput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionOutput addOutput(TransactionOutput to) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addPeerDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addPeerDiscovery(PeerDiscovery peerDiscovery) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addPeerDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^	public void addPeerDiscovery(PeerDiscovery peerDiscovery, boolean backup) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addPeerDiscovery	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addPeerDiscovery(PeerDiscovery peerDiscovery) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addPeerFilterProvider	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addPeerFilterProvider(PeerFilterProvider provider) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addPingTimeData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void addPingTimeData(long sample) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
addPingTimeData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void addPingTimeData(long sample) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
addSignedInput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionInput addSignedInput(TransactionOutPoint prevOut, Script scriptPubKey, ECKey sigKey) throws ScriptException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addSignedInput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionInput addSignedInput(TransactionOutPoint prevOut, Script scriptPubKey, ECKey sigKey,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
addToBlockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract StoredBlock addToBlockStore(StoredBlock storedPrev, Block block)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
addToBlockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract StoredBlock addToBlockStore(StoredBlock storedPrev, Block header,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
addTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void addTransaction(Transaction t) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
addTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    void addTransaction(Transaction t, boolean runSanityChecks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
addWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public void addWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
addWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void addWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void addWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
addWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void addWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
addr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    private InetAddress addr;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerAddress	file:
addressHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int addressHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
addressHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int addressHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
addressHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int addressHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
addresses	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    private List<PeerAddress> addresses;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AddressMessage	file:
adjustLength	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected void adjustLength(int newArraySize, int adjustment) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
alertSigningKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected byte[] alertSigningKey;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
alertSigningKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected byte[] alertSigningKey;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
allowEmptyPeerChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean allowEmptyPeerChain() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
allowEmptyPeerChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean allowEmptyPeerChain() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
allowEmptyPeerChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean allowEmptyPeerChain() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
appearsInHashes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private Map<Sha256Hash, Integer> appearsInHashes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
appendByte	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] appendByte(byte[] bytes, byte b) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
associatedTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    private Map<Sha256Hash, Transaction> associatedTransactions = new HashMap<Sha256Hash, Transaction>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock	file:
backoffMap	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private final Map<PeerAddress, ExponentialBackoff> backoffMap;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
backoffMap	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private final Map<PeerAddress, ExponentialBackoff> backoffMap;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
backupDiscoverers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArraySet<PeerDiscovery> backupDiscoverers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
backups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private final ArrayList<PeerAddress> backups;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
bigIntegerToBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] bigIntegerToBytes(BigInteger b, int numBytes) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
bitMask	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    private static final int bitMask[] = {0x01, 0x02, 0x04, 0x08, 0x10, 0x20, 0x40, 0x80};$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils	file:
block	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^        final Block block;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain.OrphanBlock
blockChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final AbstractBlockChain blockChain;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
blockChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final AbstractBlockChain blockChain;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
blockChainDownloadLocked	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void blockChainDownloadLocked(Sha256Hash toHash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
blockChainDownloadLocked	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void blockChainDownloadLocked(Sha256Hash toHash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
blockSig	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private byte[] blockSig = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
blockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private final BlockStore blockStore;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
blocksAnnounced	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final AtomicInteger blocksAnnounced = new AtomicInteger();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
blocksAnnounced	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final AtomicInteger blocksAnnounced = new AtomicInteger();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
bloomDontSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private Runnable bloomDontSend = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
bloomDontSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private Runnable bloomDontSend = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
bloomFilterMerger	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private FilterMerger bloomFilterMerger;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
bloomFilterMerger	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private FilterMerger bloomFilterMerger;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
bloomSendIfChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private Runnable bloomSendIfChanged = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
bloomSendIfChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private Runnable bloomSendIfChanged = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
broadcastTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Transaction> broadcastTransaction(final Transaction tx) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
broadcastTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Transaction> broadcastTransaction(final Transaction tx, final int minConnections) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
buildMerkleTree	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private List<byte[]> buildMerkleTree() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
bytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient byte[] bytes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
bytesToHexString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static String bytesToHexString(byte[] bytes) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
cachedTransactionHashes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    private List<Sha256Hash> cachedTransactionHashes = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock	file:
calcLength	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    protected static int calcLength(byte[] buf, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
calculateHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private Sha256Hash calculateHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
calculateMerkleRoot	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private Sha256Hash calculateMerkleRoot() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
calculateSignature	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized  TransactionSignature calculateSignature(int inputIndex, ECKey key, @Nullable KeyParameter aesKey,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
calculateSignature	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized  TransactionSignature calculateSignature(int inputIndex, ECKey key, Script connectedPubKeyScript,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
callOnDisconnect	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        boolean callOnDisconnect = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PeerListenerRegistration
callOnDisconnect	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        boolean callOnDisconnect = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PeerListenerRegistration
chain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final AbstractBlockChain chain;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
chain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final AbstractBlockChain chain;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
chainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected StoredBlock chainHead;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
chainHeadLock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private final Object chainHeadLock = new Object();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
channels	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final ClientConnectionManager channels;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
channels	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final ClientConnectionManager channels;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
checkBitLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static boolean checkBitLE(byte[] data, int index) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
checkDifficultyTransitions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private void checkDifficultyTransitions(StoredBlock storedPrev, Block nextBlock) throws BlockStoreException, VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
checkMerkleRoot	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void checkMerkleRoot() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
checkProofOfWork	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private boolean checkProofOfWork(boolean throwException) throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
checkSigOps	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void checkSigOps() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
checkTestnetDifficulty	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private void checkTestnetDifficulty(StoredBlock storedPrev, Block prev, Block next) throws VerificationException, BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
checkTimestamp	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void checkTimestamp() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
checkTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void checkTransactions() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
checkpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    public static void checkpoint(NetworkParameters params, InputStream checkpoints, BlockStore store, long time)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
checkpoints	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    protected final TreeMap<Long, StoredBlock> checkpoints = new TreeMap<Long, StoredBlock>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
checkpoints	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected Map<Integer, Sha256Hash> checkpoints = new HashMap<Integer, Sha256Hash>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
checkpoints	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected Map<Integer, Sha256Hash> checkpoints = new HashMap<Integer, Sha256Hash>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
checkpoints	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected Map<Integer, Sha256Hash> checkpoints = new HashMap<Integer, Sha256Hash>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
checksum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final byte[] checksum;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
checksum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient byte[] checksum;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
checksum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final byte[] checksum;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
clearEventListeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void clearEventListeners() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
clearEventListeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void clearEventListeners() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
clearInputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void clearInputs() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
clearOutputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void clearOutputs() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
cloneAsHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block cloneAsHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
close	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public void close() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
closePending	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private boolean closePending = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
coinType	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private CoinType coinType;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NotFoundMessage.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/AddressReliable.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.core;$/;"	p	language:Java
command	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final String command;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
command	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final String command;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
compareTo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^        @Override public int compareTo(Pair o) { return -Ints.compare(count, o.count); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils.Pair
complete	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public void complete() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
complete	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public void complete() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
confidence	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private TransactionConfidence confidence;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
connectBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private void connectBlock(final Block block, StoredBlock storedPrev, boolean expensiveChecks,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
connectTo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected Peer connectTo(PeerAddress address, boolean incrementMaxConnections) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
connectTo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public Peer connectTo(InetSocketAddress address) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
connectToAnyPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void connectToAnyPeer() throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
connectToAnyPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void connectToAnyPeer() throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
connectTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract TransactionOutputChanges connectTransactions(StoredBlock newBlock) throws VerificationException, BlockStoreException, PrunedException;    $/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
connectTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract TransactionOutputChanges connectTransactions(int height, Block block) throws VerificationException, BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
connectionClosed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void connectionClosed() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
connectionClosed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void connectionClosed() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
connectionOpenFuture	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final SettableFuture<Peer> connectionOpenFuture = SettableFuture.create();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
connectionOpenFuture	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final SettableFuture<Peer> connectionOpenFuture = SettableFuture.create();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
connectionOpened	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void connectionOpened() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
connectionOpened	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void connectionOpened() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
containsRelevantTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private boolean containsRelevantTransactions(Block block) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
copyOf	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] copyOf(byte[] in, int length) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
count	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^        int item, count;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils.Pair
countConnectedAndPendingPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private int countConnectedAndPendingPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
countConnectedAndPendingPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private int countConnectedAndPendingPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
createGenesis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    private static Block createGenesis(NetworkParameters n) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters	file:
createGenesis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    private static Block createGenesis(NetworkParameters n) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters	file:
createGenesis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    private static Block createGenesis(NetworkParameters n) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters	file:
createNextBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    Block createNextBlock(@Nullable Address to, @Nullable TransactionOutPoint prevOut, long time,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
createNextBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block createNextBlock(@Nullable Address to) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
createNextBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block createNextBlock(@Nullable Address to, BigInteger value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
createNextBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block createNextBlock(@Nullable Address to, TransactionOutPoint prevOut) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
createNextBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block createNextBlock(Address to, long time) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
createNextBlockWithCoinbase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    Block createNextBlockWithCoinbase(byte[] pubKey) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
createNextBlockWithCoinbase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Block createNextBlockWithCoinbase(byte[] pubKey, BigInteger coinbaseValue) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
currentFilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private FilteredBlock currentFilteredBlock = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
currentFilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private FilteredBlock currentFilteredBlock = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
currentTimeMillis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static long currentTimeMillis() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
cursor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient int cursor;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
dataHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    protected final Sha256Hash dataHash;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
decodeCompactBits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static BigInteger decodeCompactBits(long compact) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
decodeMPI	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static BigInteger decodeMPI(byte[] mpi, boolean hasLength) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
deserialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public Message deserialize(ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
deserialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public Message deserialize(ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
deserializeHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public NubitsPacketHeader deserializeHeader(ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
deserializeHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public NubitsPacketHeader deserializeHeader(ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
deserializePayload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public Message deserializePayload(NubitsPacketHeader header, ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, BufferUnderflowException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
deserializePayload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public Message deserializePayload(NubitsPacketHeader header, ByteBuffer in) throws ProtocolException, BufferUnderflowException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
difficultyTarget	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private long difficultyTarget; \/\/ "nBits"$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
digest	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    private static final MessageDigest digest;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils	file:
disconnectInputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    boolean disconnectInputs() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
disconnectTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract void disconnectTransactions(StoredBlock block) throws PrunedException, BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
discoverPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void discoverPeers() throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
discoverPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^	protected void discoverPeers(boolean backup) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
discoverPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void discoverPeers() throws PeerDiscoveryException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
dnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected String[] dnsSeeds;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
dnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected String[] dnsSeeds;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
dnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected String[] dnsSeeds;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
doSetChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract void doSetChainHead(StoredBlock chainHead) throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
doubleDigest	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] doubleDigest(byte[] input) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
doubleDigest	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] doubleDigest(byte[] input, int offset, int length) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
doubleDigestTwoBuffers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] doubleDigestTwoBuffers(byte[] input1, int offset1, int length1,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
downloadBlockBodies	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private boolean downloadBlockBodies = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
downloadBlockBodies	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private boolean downloadBlockBodies = true;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
downloadBlockChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void downloadBlockChain() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
downloadDependencies	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<List<Transaction>> downloadDependencies(Transaction tx) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
downloadDependencies	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<List<Transaction>> downloadDependencies(Transaction tx) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
downloadDependenciesInternal	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private ListenableFuture<Object> downloadDependenciesInternal(final Transaction tx,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
downloadDependenciesInternal	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private ListenableFuture<Object> downloadDependenciesInternal(final Transaction tx,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
downloadListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @Nullable @GuardedBy("lock") private PeerEventListener downloadListener;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
downloadListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @Nullable @GuardedBy("lock") private PeerEventListener downloadListener;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
downloadPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private Peer downloadPeer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
downloadPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private Peer downloadPeer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
dumpedPrivateKeyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int dumpedPrivateKeyHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
dumpedPrivateKeyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int dumpedPrivateKeyHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
dumpedPrivateKeyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int dumpedPrivateKeyHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
encodeCompactBits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static long encodeCompactBits(BigInteger value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
encodeMPI	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] encodeMPI(BigInteger value, boolean includeLength) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
endFilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void endFilteredBlock(FilteredBlock m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
endFilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void endFilteredBlock(FilteredBlock m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
ensureParsed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void ensureParsed() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
ensureParsed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public void ensureParsed() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
ensureParsedHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void ensureParsedHeader() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
ensureParsedTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void ensureParsedTransactions() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object o) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object o) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
estimateBlockTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public Date estimateBlockTime(int height) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
estimateLockTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Date estimateLockTime(AbstractBlockChain chain) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
eventListeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<PeerListenerRegistration> eventListeners;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
eventListeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<PeerListenerRegistration> eventListeners;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
exceptionCaught	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private void exceptionCaught(Exception e) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
falsePositiveRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private double falsePositiveRate;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
falsePositiveTrend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private double falsePositiveTrend;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
fastCatchupTimeSecs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private long fastCatchupTimeSecs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
fastCatchupTimeSecs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private long fastCatchupTimeSecs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
fastCatchupTimeSecs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private long fastCatchupTimeSecs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
fastCatchupTimeSecs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private long fastCatchupTimeSecs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
filteredBlocksReceived	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private int filteredBlocksReceived;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
filteredBlocksReceived	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private int filteredBlocksReceived;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
filteredTxHashes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^        final List<Sha256Hash> filteredTxHashes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain.OrphanBlock
filteredTxn	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^        final Map<Sha256Hash, Transaction> filteredTxn;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain.OrphanBlock
findSplit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static StoredBlock findSplit(StoredBlock newChainHead, StoredBlock oldChainHead,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
finishMockSleep	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void finishMockSleep() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
formatMessageForSigning	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] formatMessageForSigning(String message) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
fromID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters fromID(String id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
fromID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters fromID(String id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
fromID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters fromID(String id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
fromPmtProtocolID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters fromPmtProtocolID(String pmtProtocolId) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
fromPmtProtocolID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters fromPmtProtocolID(String pmtProtocolId) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
fromPmtProtocolID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters fromPmtProtocolID(String pmtProtocolId) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
future	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        SettableFuture future;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.GetDataRequest
future	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public SettableFuture<Long> future;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
future	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        SettableFuture future;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.GetDataRequest
future	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public SettableFuture<Long> future;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
gaveAddrs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean gaveAddrs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer
genesisBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected Block genesisBlock;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
genesisBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected Block genesisBlock;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
genesisBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected Block genesisBlock;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAcceptableAddressCodes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int[] getAcceptableAddressCodes() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAcceptableAddressCodes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int[] getAcceptableAddressCodes() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAcceptableAddressCodes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int[] getAcceptableAddressCodes() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAddr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public InetAddress getAddr() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
getAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public PeerAddress getAddress() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
getAddressHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getAddressHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAddressHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getAddressHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAddressHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getAddressHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAddresses	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    public List<PeerAddress> getAddresses() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
getAlertSigningKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public byte[] getAlertSigningKey() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAlertSigningKey	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public byte[] getAlertSigningKey() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getAppearsInHashes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Map<Sha256Hash, Integer> getAppearsInHashes() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getAssociatedTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public Map<Sha256Hash, Transaction> getAssociatedTransactions() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
getBestChainHeight	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public int getBestChainHeight() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getBestHeight	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public long getBestHeight() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getBestHeight	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public long getBestHeight() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Block> getBlock(Sha256Hash blockHash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Block> getBlock(Sha256Hash blockHash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getBlockHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public Block getBlockHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
getBlockInflation	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public BigInteger getBlockInflation(int height) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getBlockStore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public BlockStore getBlockStore() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getBloomFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public BloomFilter getBloomFilter() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getBloomFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public BloomFilter getBloomFilter() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public StoredBlock getChainHead() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getCheckpointBefore	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    public StoredBlock getCheckpointBefore(long time) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
getChecksum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    byte[] getChecksum() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
getConfidence	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized TransactionConfidence getConfidence() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getConnectedPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public List<Peer> getConnectedPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getConnectedPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public List<Peer> getConnectedPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getConnectionOpenFuture	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Peer> getConnectionOpenFuture() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getConnectionOpenFuture	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Peer> getConnectionOpenFuture() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getDataFutures	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<GetDataRequest> getDataFutures;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
getDataFutures	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<GetDataRequest> getDataFutures;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
getDataHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getDataHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
getDifficultyTarget	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public long getDifficultyTarget() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getDifficultyTargetAsInteger	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public BigInteger getDifficultyTargetAsInteger() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getDnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public String[] getDnsSeeds() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getDnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public String[] getDnsSeeds() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getDnsSeeds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public String[] getDnsSeeds() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getDownloadData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean getDownloadData() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getDownloadData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean getDownloadData() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getDownloadPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public Peer getDownloadPeer() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getDumpedPrivateKeyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getDumpedPrivateKeyHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getDumpedPrivateKeyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getDumpedPrivateKeyHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getDumpedPrivateKeyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getDumpedPrivateKeyHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getFalsePositiveRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public double getFalsePositiveRate() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getFastCatchupTimeSecs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public long getFastCatchupTimeSecs() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getGenesisBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public Block getGenesisBlock() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getGenesisBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public Block getGenesisBlock() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getGenesisBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public Block getGenesisBlock() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
getHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
getHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getHashAsString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public String getHashAsString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getHashAsString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public String getHashAsString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getHeightFuture	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<StoredBlock> getHeightFuture(final int height) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public String getId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public String getId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public String getId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getInput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionInput getInput(int index) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getInputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public List<TransactionInput> getInputs() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getInterval	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getInterval() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getInterval	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getInterval() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getInterval	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getInterval() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getLastPingTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public long getLastPingTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getLastPingTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public long getLastPingTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getLockTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public long getLockTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getMaxConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public int getMaxConnections() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getMaxConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public int getMaxConnections() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getMaxMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public int getMaxMessageSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
getMedianTimestampOfRecentBlocks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static long getMedianTimestampOfRecentBlocks(StoredBlock storedBlock,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
getMemoryPool	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public MemoryPool getMemoryPool() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getMerkleRoot	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getMerkleRoot() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    public int getMessageSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
getMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public int getMessageSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
getMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public int getMessageSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
getMinBroadcastConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public int getMinBroadcastConnections() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getMinRequiredProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public int getMinRequiredProtocolVersion() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getMostCommonChainHeight	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public int getMostCommonChainHeight() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getMostCommonChainHeight	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public static int getMostCommonChainHeight(final List<Peer> peers) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getNonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public long getNonce() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getNonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    long getNonce() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Pong
getOptimalEncodingMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public int getOptimalEncodingMessageSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getOptimalEncodingMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public int getOptimalEncodingMessageSize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getOrphanRoot	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public Block getOrphanRoot(Sha256Hash from) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getOutput	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public TransactionOutput getOutput(int index) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getOutputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public List<TransactionOutput> getOutputs() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getP2SHHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getP2SHHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getP2SHHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getP2SHHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getP2SHHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getP2SHHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPacketMagic	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public long getPacketMagic() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPacketMagic	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public long getPacketMagic() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPacketMagic	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public long getPacketMagic() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getParams	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public NetworkParameters getParams() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
getPartialChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static LinkedList<StoredBlock> getPartialChain(StoredBlock higher, StoredBlock lower, BlockStore store) throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
getPaymentProtocolId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public abstract String getPaymentProtocolId();$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPaymentProtocolId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public abstract String getPaymentProtocolId();$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPaymentProtocolId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public abstract String getPaymentProtocolId();$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPeerBlockHeightDifference	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public int getPeerBlockHeightDifference() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPeerBlockHeightDifference	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public int getPeerBlockHeightDifference() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPeerMempoolTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Transaction> getPeerMempoolTransaction(Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPeerMempoolTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Transaction> getPeerMempoolTransaction(Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPeerVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public VersionMessage getPeerVersionMessage() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPeerVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public VersionMessage getPeerVersionMessage() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPendingPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public List<Peer> getPendingPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getPendingPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public List<Peer> getPendingPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getPingIntervalMsec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public long getPingIntervalMsec() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getPingTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public long getPingTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPingTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public long getPingTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getPort	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getPort() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPort	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getPort() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPort	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public int getPort() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
getPort	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getPort() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPrevBlockHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Sha256Hash getPrevBlockHash() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getProofOfWorkLimit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public BigInteger getProofOfWorkLimit() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getProofOfWorkLimit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public BigInteger getProofOfWorkLimit() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getProofOfWorkLimit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public BigInteger getProofOfWorkLimit() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getPurpose	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Purpose getPurpose() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getReliable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/AddressReliable.java	/^	boolean getReliable() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressReliable
getServices	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public BigInteger getServices() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
getSigOpCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public int getSigOpCount() throws ScriptException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getSpendableCoinbaseDepth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getSpendableCoinbaseDepth() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getSpendableCoinbaseDepth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getSpendableCoinbaseDepth() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getSpendableCoinbaseDepth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getSpendableCoinbaseDepth() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getStoredBlockInCurrentScope	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract StoredBlock getStoredBlockInCurrentScope(Sha256Hash hash) throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
getSubsidyDecreaseBlockCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getSubsidyDecreaseBlockCount() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getSubsidyDecreaseBlockCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getSubsidyDecreaseBlockCount() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getSubsidyDecreaseBlockCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getSubsidyDecreaseBlockCount() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getTargetTimespan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getTargetTimespan() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getTargetTimespan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getTargetTimespan() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getTargetTimespan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int getTargetTimespan() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
getTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public Date getTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public long getTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
getTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public long getTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getTimeSeconds	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public long getTimeSeconds() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getTransactionCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public int getTransactionCount() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
getTransactionHashes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public List<Sha256Hash> getTransactionHashes() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
getTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public List<Transaction> getTransactions() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getUpdateTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public Date getUpdateTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public BigInteger getValue(Wallet wallet) throws ScriptException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getValueSentFromMe	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public BigInteger getValueSentFromMe(Wallet wallet) throws ScriptException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getValueSentToMe	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    BigInteger getValueSentToMe(Wallet wallet, boolean includeSpent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getValueSentToMe	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public BigInteger getValueSentToMe(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public long getVersion() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
getVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public long getVersion() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
getVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public VersionMessage getVersionMessage() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public VersionMessage getVersionMessage() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public VersionMessage getVersionMessage() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
getVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public VersionMessage getVersionMessage() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
getWork	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public BigInteger getWork() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
groupBackoff	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private ExponentialBackoff groupBackoff = new ExponentialBackoff(new ExponentialBackoff.Params(1000, 1.5f, 10 * 1000));$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
groupBackoff	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private ExponentialBackoff groupBackoff = new ExponentialBackoff(new ExponentialBackoff.Params(10, 1.1f, 500));$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
guessTransactionsLength	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private int guessTransactionsLength() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
handleGetData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private List<Message> handleGetData(GetDataMessage m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
handleGetData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private List<Message> handleGetData(GetDataMessage m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
handleNewBestChain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private void handleNewBestChain(StoredBlock storedPrev, StoredBlock newChainHead, Block block, boolean expensiveChecks)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
handleNewPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void handleNewPeer(final Peer peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
handlePeerDeath	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void handlePeerDeath(final Peer peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
hasConfidence	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized boolean hasConfidence() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
hasMoreBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    boolean hasMoreBytes() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
hash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private transient Sha256Hash hash;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
hash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        Sha256Hash hash;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.GetDataRequest
hash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        Sha256Hash hash;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.GetDataRequest
hash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private transient Sha256Hash hash;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
hashForSignature	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized Sha256Hash hashForSignature(int inputIndex, Script connectedScript,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
hashForSignature	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized Sha256Hash hashForSignature(int inputIndex, byte[] connectedScript, byte sigHashType) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
hashForSignature	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized Sha256Hash hashForSignature(int inputIndex, byte[] connectedScript,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
haveReadyInactivePeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private boolean haveReadyInactivePeer(long nowMillis) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
header	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    private Block header;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock	file:
header	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final byte[] header;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
header	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader header;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
header	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final byte[] header;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
headerBytesValid	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private transient boolean headerBytesValid;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
headerParsed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private transient boolean headerParsed;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
id	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected String id;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
id	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected String id;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
id	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected String id;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
inactives	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private final PriorityQueue<PeerAddress> inactives;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
inactives	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private final PriorityQueue<PeerAddress> inactives;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
informListenerForNewTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static void informListenerForNewTransactions(Block block, NewBlockType newBlockType,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
informListenersForNewBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private void informListenersForNewBlock(final Block block, final NewBlockType newBlockType,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
inputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private ArrayList<TransactionInput> inputs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
int64ToByteStreamLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void int64ToByteStreamLE(long val, OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
interval	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int interval;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
interval	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int interval;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
interval	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int interval;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
invokeOnBlocksDownloaded	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void invokeOnBlocksDownloaded(final Block m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
invokeOnBlocksDownloaded	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void invokeOnBlocksDownloaded(final Block m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
isAcked	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private boolean isAcked;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
isAcked	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean isAcked;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer
isAnyOutputSpent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isAnyOutputSpent() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isCached	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public boolean isCached() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
isCheckpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean isCheckpoint(int height) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
isCheckpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean isCheckpoint(int height) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
isCheckpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean isCheckpoint(int height) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
isCoinBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isCoinBase() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isConsistent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    boolean isConsistent(Wallet wallet, boolean isSpent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isEveryOutputSpent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isEveryOutputSpent() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isEveryOwnedOutputSpent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isEveryOwnedOutputSpent(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isFinal	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isFinal(int height, long blockTimeSeconds) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isHeaderBytesValid	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    boolean isHeaderBytesValid() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
isLessThanUnsigned	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static boolean isLessThanUnsigned(long n1, long n2) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
isMature	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isMature() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isNotFoundMessageSupported	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private boolean isNotFoundMessageSupported() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
isNotFoundMessageSupported	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private boolean isNotFoundMessageSupported() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
isOrphan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public boolean isOrphan(Sha256Hash block) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
isParseLazyMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public boolean isParseLazyMode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
isParseLazyMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public boolean isParseLazyMode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
isParseRetainMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public boolean isParseRetainMode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
isParseRetainMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public boolean isParseRetainMode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
isParsed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public boolean isParsed() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
isParsedHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    boolean isParsedHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
isParsedTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    boolean isParsedTransactions() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
isPending	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isPending() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isRecached	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public boolean isRecached() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
isTimeLocked	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public boolean isTimeLocked() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
isTransactionBytesValid	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    boolean isTransactionBytesValid() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
isWindows	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static boolean isWindows() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
item	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^        int item, count;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils.Pair
jobQueue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private LinkedBlockingQueue<Runnable> jobQueue = new LinkedBlockingQueue<Runnable>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
jobQueue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private LinkedBlockingQueue<Runnable> jobQueue = new LinkedBlockingQueue<Runnable>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
largeReadBuffer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private byte[] largeReadBuffer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
largeReadBufferPos	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private int largeReadBufferPos;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
lastGetBlocksBegin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private Sha256Hash lastGetBlocksBegin, lastGetBlocksEnd;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastGetBlocksBegin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private Sha256Hash lastGetBlocksBegin, lastGetBlocksEnd;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastGetBlocksEnd	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private Sha256Hash lastGetBlocksBegin, lastGetBlocksEnd;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastGetBlocksEnd	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private Sha256Hash lastGetBlocksBegin, lastGetBlocksEnd;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastPingTimes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lastPingTimesLock") private long[] lastPingTimes = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastPingTimes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lastPingTimesLock") private long[] lastPingTimes = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastPingTimesLock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final ReentrantLock lastPingTimesLock = new ReentrantLock();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
lastPingTimesLock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final ReentrantLock lastPingTimesLock = new ReentrantLock();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
length	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient int length = UNKNOWN_LENGTH;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
listeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<ListenerRegistration<BlockChainListener>> listeners;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
localhost	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public static PeerAddress localhost(NetworkParameters params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected final ReentrantLock lock = Threading.lock("blockchain");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    protected final ReentrantLock lock = Threading.lock("peer");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected final ReentrantLock lock = Threading.lock("peergroup");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private Lock lock = Threading.lock("PeerSocketHandler");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    protected final ReentrantLock lock = Threading.lock("peer");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer
lock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected final ReentrantLock lock = Threading.lock("peergroup");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
lockTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private long lockTime;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(AbstractBlockChain.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(Block.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(CheckpointManager.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(NubitsSerializer.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(Peer.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(PeerGroup.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(PeerSocketHandler.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(Message.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(NubitsSerializer.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(Peer.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(PeerGroup.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
log	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private static final Logger log = LoggerFactory.getLogger(Transaction.class);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
makeMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private Message makeMessage(String command, int length, byte[] payloadBytes, byte[] hash, byte[] checksum) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
makeMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private Message makeMessage(String command, int length, byte[] payloadBytes, byte[] hash, byte[] checksum) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
maxConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private int maxConnections;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
maxConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private int maxConnections;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
maxOfMostFreq	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static int maxOfMostFreq(List<Integer> items) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
maxOfMostFreq	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static int maxOfMostFreq(int... items) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
maybeHandleRequestedData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private boolean maybeHandleRequestedData(Message m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
maybeHandleRequestedData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private boolean maybeHandleRequestedData(Message m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
maybeParse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    protected void maybeParse() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
maybeParse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected synchronized void maybeParse() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
maybeParseHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void maybeParseHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
maybeParseTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void maybeParseTransactions() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
memoryPool	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final MemoryPool memoryPool;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
memoryPool	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final MemoryPool memoryPool;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
memoryPool	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final MemoryPool memoryPool;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
memoryPool	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final MemoryPool memoryPool;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
merkleRoot	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private Sha256Hash merkleRoot;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
merkleTree	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    private PartialMerkleTree merkleTree;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock	file:
minBroadcastConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private int minBroadcastConnections = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
minBroadcastConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private int minBroadcastConnections = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
mockSleepQueue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    private static BlockingQueue<Boolean> mockSleepQueue;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils	file:
mockTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static volatile Date mockTime;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Utils
names	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private static Map<Class<? extends Message>, String> names = new HashMap<Class<? extends Message>, String>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
names	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private static Map<Class<? extends Message>, String> names = new HashMap<Class<? extends Message>, String>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
nonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private long nonce;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
nonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        long nonce;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.GetDataRequest
nonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public final long nonce;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
nonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    private long nonce;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Pong	file:
nonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        long nonce;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.GetDataRequest
nonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public final long nonce;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
notSettingChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract void notSettingChainHead() throws BlockStoreException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
now	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static Date now() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
nubitsSerialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public byte[] nubitsSerialize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
nubitsSerialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    final public void nubitsSerialize(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
nubitsSerialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public byte[] nubitsSerialize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    protected void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    public void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Pong
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    protected void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
nubitsSerializeToStream	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    protected void nubitsSerializeToStream(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
nubitsValueToFriendlyString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static String nubitsValueToFriendlyString(BigInteger value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
nubitsValueToPlainString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static String nubitsValueToPlainString(BigInteger value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
numAddresses	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    private transient long numAddresses = -1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AddressMessage	file:
numCheckpoints	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    public int numCheckpoints() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
numConnectedPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public int numConnectedPeers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
offset	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient int offset;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
onPeerConnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        public void onPeerConnected(Peer peer, int peerCount) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup.PeerStartupListener
onPeerConnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        public void onPeerConnected(Peer peer, int peerCount) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup.PeerStartupListener
onPeerDisconnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        public void onPeerDisconnected(Peer peer, int peerCount) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup.PeerStartupListener
onPeerDisconnected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        public void onPeerDisconnected(Peer peer, int peerCount) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup.PeerStartupListener
optimalEncodingMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private transient int optimalEncodingMessageSize;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
optimalEncodingMessageSize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private transient int optimalEncodingMessageSize;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
orphanBlocks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private final LinkedHashMap<Sha256Hash, OrphanBlock> orphanBlocks = new LinkedHashMap<Sha256Hash, OrphanBlock>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
outputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private ArrayList<TransactionOutput> outputs;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
p2shHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int p2shHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
p2shHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int p2shHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
p2shHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int p2shHeader;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
packetMagic	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected long packetMagic;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
packetMagic	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected long packetMagic;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
packetMagic	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected long packetMagic;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected final NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/CheckpointManager.java	/^    protected final NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:CheckpointManager
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final NetworkParameters params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    void parse() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    void parse() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    void parse() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    void parse() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Pong
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    abstract void parse() throws ProtocolException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    protected void parse() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    void parse() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
parseAsHexOrBase58	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] parseAsHexOrBase58(String data) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
parseHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void parseHeader() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
parseLazy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private boolean parseLazy = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
parseLazy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient final boolean parseLazy;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
parseLazy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private boolean parseLazy = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    protected void parseLite() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    protected void parseLite() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    protected void parseLite() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Pong.java	/^    protected void parseLite() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Pong
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected abstract void parseLite() throws ProtocolException;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    protected void parseLite() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
parseLite	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    protected void parseLite() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
parseLockTimeStr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public static long parseLockTimeStr(String lockTimeStr) throws ParseException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
parseRetain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private boolean parseRetain = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
parseRetain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient final boolean parseRetain;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
parseRetain	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    private boolean parseRetain = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer	file:
parseTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void parseTransactions() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
parsed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient boolean parsed = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
passMockSleep	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void passMockSleep() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
passesCheckpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean passesCheckpoint(int height, Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
passesCheckpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean passesCheckpoint(int height, Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
passesCheckpoint	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public boolean passesCheckpoint(int height, Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
peer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        Peer peer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup.PeerAndPing
peerAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    protected PeerAddress peerAddress;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
peerBackoffParams	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private ExponentialBackoff.Params peerBackoffParams = new ExponentialBackoff.Params(1000, 1.5f, 10 * 60 * 1000);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerBackoffParams	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private ExponentialBackoff.Params peerBackoffParams = new ExponentialBackoff.Params(1000, 1.2f, 6 * 1000);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerDiscoverers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArraySet<PeerDiscovery> peerDiscoverers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerDiscoverers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArraySet<PeerDiscovery> peerDiscoverers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerEventListeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<ListenerRegistration<PeerEventListener>> peerEventListeners;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerEventListeners	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<ListenerRegistration<PeerEventListener>> peerEventListeners;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerFilterProviders	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<PeerFilterProvider> peerFilterProviders;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerFilterProviders	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<PeerFilterProvider> peerFilterProviders;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerGroup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    protected PeerGroup peerGroup = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
peerListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final AbstractPeerEventListener peerListener = new AbstractPeerEventListener() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peerListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final AbstractPeerEventListener peerListener = new AbstractPeerEventListener() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Peer> peers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
peers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Peer> peers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
pendingBlockDownloads	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final HashSet<Sha256Hash> pendingBlockDownloads = new HashSet<Sha256Hash>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
pendingBlockDownloads	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final HashSet<Sha256Hash> pendingBlockDownloads = new HashSet<Sha256Hash>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
pendingPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Peer> pendingPeers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
pendingPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Peer> pendingPeers;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
pendingPings	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<PendingPing> pendingPings;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
pendingPings	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<PendingPing> pendingPings;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
ping	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    protected ListenableFuture<Long> ping(long nonce) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
ping	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Long> ping() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
ping	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    protected ListenableFuture<Long> ping(long nonce) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
ping	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<Long> ping() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
pingIntervalMsec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private long pingIntervalMsec = DEFAULT_PING_INTERVAL_MSEC;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
pingIntervalMsec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private long pingIntervalMsec = DEFAULT_PING_INTERVAL_MSEC;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
pingTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^        long pingTime;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup.PeerAndPing
port	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int port;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
port	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int port;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
port	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    private int port;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerAddress	file:
port	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int port;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
prevBlockHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private Sha256Hash prevBlockHash;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
previousFalsePositiveRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private double previousFalsePositiveRate;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
processAlert	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processAlert(AlertMessage m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processBlock(Block m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processBlock(Block m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processGetData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processGetData(GetDataMessage getdata) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processGetData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processGetData(GetDataMessage getdata) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processHeaders	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processHeaders(HeadersMessage m) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processHeaders	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processHeaders(HeadersMessage m) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processInv	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processInv(InventoryMessage inv) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processInv	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processInv(InventoryMessage inv) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    protected void processMessage(Message m) throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
processMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    protected abstract void processMessage(Message m) throws Exception;$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
processMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    protected void processMessage(Message m) throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
processNotFoundMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processNotFoundMessage(NotFoundMessage m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processNotFoundMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processNotFoundMessage(NotFoundMessage m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processPong	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processPong(Pong m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processPong	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processPong(Pong m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processTransaction(Transaction tx) throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processTransaction(Transaction tx) throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processVersionMessage(VersionMessage m) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
processVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void processVersionMessage(VersionMessage m) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
prodNet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters prodNet() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
prodNet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters prodNet() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
prodNet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters prodNet() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
proofOfWorkLimit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected BigInteger proofOfWorkLimit;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
proofOfWorkLimit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected BigInteger proofOfWorkLimit;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
proofOfWorkLimit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected BigInteger proofOfWorkLimit;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
protocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient int protocolVersion;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
provideTransaction	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/FilteredBlock.java	/^    public boolean provideTransaction(Transaction tx) throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:FilteredBlock
purpose	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private Purpose purpose = Purpose.UNKNOWN;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
readByteArray	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    byte[] readByteArray() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    byte[] readBytes(int length) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    Sha256Hash readHash() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readInt64	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    long readInt64() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readInt64	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static long readInt64(byte[] bytes, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
readObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void readObject(ObjectInputStream ois) throws ClassNotFoundException, IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
readStr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    String readStr() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readUint16BE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static int readUint16BE(byte[] bytes, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
readUint32	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    long readUint32() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readUint32	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static long readUint32(byte[] bytes, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
readUint32BE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static long readUint32BE(byte[] bytes, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
readUint64	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    BigInteger readUint64() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readVarInt	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    long readVarInt() throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
readVarInt	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    long readVarInt(int offset) throws ProtocolException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
recached	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected transient boolean recached = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message
recalculateFastCatchupAndFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void recalculateFastCatchupAndFilter(FilterRecalculateMode mode) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
receiveBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public int receiveBytes(ByteBuffer buff) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
reliable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/AddressReliable.java	/^	private boolean reliable = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AddressReliable	file:
removeAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    public void removeAddress(int index) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
removeEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean removeEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
removeEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public boolean removeEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
removeEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean removeEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
removeEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public boolean removeEventListener(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
removeListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public void removeListener(BlockChainListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
removeWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public void removeWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
removeWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void removeWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
removeWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void removeWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
removeWallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void removeWallet(Wallet wallet) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
resetFalsePositiveEstimate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    public void resetFalsePositiveEstimate() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
reverseBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] reverseBytes(byte[] bytes) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
reverseDwordBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] reverseDwordBytes(byte[] bytes, int trimLength) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
rollMockClock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static Date rollMockClock(int seconds) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
rollMockClockMillis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static Date rollMockClockMillis(long millis) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
run	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void run() throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
run	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void run() throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
runningBroadcasts	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final Set<TransactionBroadcast> runningBroadcasts;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
runningBroadcasts	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final Set<TransactionBroadcast> runningBroadcasts;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
seekPastMagicBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public void seekPastMagicBytes(ByteBuffer in) throws BufferUnderflowException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
seekPastMagicBytes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public void seekPastMagicBytes(ByteBuffer in) throws BufferUnderflowException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
selectDownloadPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected Peer selectDownloadPeer(List<Peer> peers) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
selfCheck	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    private void selfCheck(byte[] msg, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message	file:
sendMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public void sendMessage(Message message) throws NotYetConnectedException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
sendSingleGetData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private ListenableFuture sendSingleGetData(GetDataMessage getdata) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
sendSingleGetData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private ListenableFuture sendSingleGetData(GetDataMessage getdata) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
sendTransactionsToListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static void sendTransactionsToListener(StoredBlock block, NewBlockType blockType,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
serialVersionUID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = 8058283864924679460L;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AddressMessage	file:
serialVersionUID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = 2738848929966035281L;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
serialVersionUID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^        private static final long serialVersionUID = 6971943053112975594L;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message.LazyParseException	file:
serialVersionUID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -3561053461717079135L;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Message	file:
serialVersionUID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = 7501293709324197411L;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerAddress	file:
serialVersionUID	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -8567546957352643140L;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
serialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public void serialize(Message message, OutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
serialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public void serialize(String name, byte[] message, OutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
serialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public void serialize(Message message, OutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
serialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^    public void serialize(String name, byte[] message, OutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer
serializer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    private final NubitsSerializer serializer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler	file:
services	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    private BigInteger services;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerAddress	file:
setAddr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public void setAddr(InetAddress addr) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
setBitLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void setBitLE(byte[] data, int index) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
setBlockAppearance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void setBlockAppearance(StoredBlock block, boolean bestChain, int relativityOffset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
setBloomFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void setBloomFilter(BloomFilter filter) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setBloomFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void setBloomFilter(BloomFilter filter) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setBloomFilterFalsePositiveRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setBloomFilterFalsePositiveRate(double bloomFilterFPRate) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setChainHead	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected void setChainHead(StoredBlock chainHead) throws BlockStoreException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
setChecksum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    void setChecksum(byte[] checksum) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
setChecksum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    void setChecksum(byte[] checksum) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
setConnectTimeoutMillis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setConnectTimeoutMillis(int connectTimeoutMillis) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setDifficultyTarget	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void setDifficultyTarget(long compactForm) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
setDownloadData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void setDownloadData(boolean downloadData) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setDownloadData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void setDownloadData(boolean downloadData) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setDownloadParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void setDownloadParameters(long secondsSinceEpoch, boolean useFilteredBlocks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setDownloadParameters	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void setDownloadParameters(long secondsSinceEpoch, boolean useFilteredBlocks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setDownloadPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void setDownloadPeer(@Nullable Peer peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
setFastCatchupTimeSecs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setFastCatchupTimeSecs(long secondsSinceEpoch) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    void setHash(Sha256Hash hash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
setLockTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void setLockTime(long lockTime) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
setMaxConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setMaxConnections(int maxConnections) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setMaxConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setMaxConnections(int maxConnections) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setMerkleRoot	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    void setMerkleRoot(Sha256Hash value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
setMinBroadcastConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setMinBroadcastConnections(int value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setMinProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean setMinProtocolVersion(int minProtocolVersion) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setMinProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public boolean setMinProtocolVersion(int minProtocolVersion) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
setMinRequiredProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setMinRequiredProtocolVersion(int minRequiredProtocolVersion) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setMockClock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void setMockClock() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
setMockClock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void setMockClock(long mockClock) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
setMockSleep	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void setMockSleep(boolean isEnable) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
setNonce	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void setNonce(long nonce) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
setPingIntervalMsec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setPingIntervalMsec(long pingIntervalMsec) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setPort	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public void setPort(int port) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
setPrevBlockHash	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    void setPrevBlockHash(Sha256Hash prevBlockHash) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
setPurpose	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void setPurpose(Purpose purpose) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
setReliable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/AddressReliable.java	/^	void setReliable(boolean reliable) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressReliable
setServices	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public void setServices(BigInteger services) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
setTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void setTime(long time) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
setTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public void setTime(long time) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
setTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void setTime(long nTime) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
setUpdateTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void setUpdateTime(Date updatedAt) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
setUserAgent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setUserAgent(String name, String version) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setUserAgent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setUserAgent(String name, String version, @Nullable String comments) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setUserAgent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setUserAgent(String name, String version) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setUserAgent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setUserAgent(String name, String version, @Nullable String comments) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setVersionMessage(VersionMessage ver) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void setVersionMessage(VersionMessage ver) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
setWriteTarget	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    public void setWriteTarget(MessageWriteTarget writeTarget) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
setupPingingForNewPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void setupPingingForNewPeer(final Peer peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
sha256hash160	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] sha256hash160(byte[] input) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
shouldVerifyTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected abstract boolean shouldVerifyTransactions();$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
shutDown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void shutDown() throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
signInputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized void signInputs(SigHash hashType, Wallet wallet) throws ScriptException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
signInputs	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public synchronized void signInputs(SigHash hashType, Wallet wallet, @Nullable KeyParameter aesKey) throws ScriptException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
singleDigest	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static byte[] singleDigest(byte[] input, int offset, int length) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
size	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final int size;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
size	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NubitsSerializer.java	/^        public final int size;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NubitsSerializer.NubitsPacketHeader
sleep	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void sleep(long millis) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
solve	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void solve() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
spendableCoinbaseDepth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int spendableCoinbaseDepth;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
spendableCoinbaseDepth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int spendableCoinbaseDepth;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
spendableCoinbaseDepth	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int spendableCoinbaseDepth;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
startBlockChainDownload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void startBlockChainDownload() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
startBlockChainDownload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public void startBlockChainDownload(PeerEventListener listener) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
startBlockChainDownload	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public void startBlockChainDownload() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
startBlockChainDownloadFromPeer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void startBlockChainDownloadFromPeer(Peer peer) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
startFilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void startFilteredBlock(FilteredBlock m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
startFilteredBlock	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private void startFilteredBlock(FilteredBlock m) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
startTimeMsec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public final long startTimeMsec;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
startTimeMsec	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^        public final long startTimeMsec;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer.PendingPing
startUp	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void startUp() throws Exception {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
startupListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    PeerEventListener startupListener = new PeerStartupListener();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
startupListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    PeerEventListener startupListener = new PeerStartupListener();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
statsBlocksAdded	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private long statsBlocksAdded;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
statsLastTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private long statsLastTime = System.currentTimeMillis();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
subsidyDecreaseBlockCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int subsidyDecreaseBlockCount;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
subsidyDecreaseBlockCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int subsidyDecreaseBlockCount;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
subsidyDecreaseBlockCount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int subsidyDecreaseBlockCount;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
targetTimespan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int targetTimespan;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
targetTimespan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int targetTimespan;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
targetTimespan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    protected int targetTimespan;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
testnetDiffDate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private static final Date testnetDiffDate = new Date(1329264000000L);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
time	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private long time;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
time	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    private long time;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerAddress	file:
time	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private long time;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
timeoutOccurred	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    protected void timeoutOccurred() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
toNanoCoins	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static BigInteger toNanoCoins(String coins) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
toNanoCoins	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static BigInteger toNanoCoins(int coins, int cents) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
toSocketAddress	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public InetSocketAddress toSocketAddress() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AddressMessage.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AddressMessage
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Peer
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerAddress.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerAddress
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public String toString(@Nullable AbstractBlockChain chain) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
trackFalsePositives	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    void trackFalsePositives(int count) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
trackFilteredTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    protected void trackFilteredTransactions(int count) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain
transactionBytesValid	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private transient boolean transactionBytesValid;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
transactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    List<Transaction> transactions;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block
transactionsParsed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private transient boolean transactionsParsed;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
triggerConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void triggerConnections() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
triggerConnections	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void triggerConnections() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
triggerConnectionsJob	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private Runnable triggerConnectionsJob = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
triggerConnectionsJob	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private Runnable triggerConnectionsJob = new Runnable() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
triggerShutdown	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    protected void triggerShutdown() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
tryConnectingOrphans	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/AbstractBlockChain.java	/^    private void tryConnectingOrphans() throws VerificationException, BlockStoreException, PrunedException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AbstractBlockChain	file:
txCounter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    static private int txCounter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
uint32ToByteArrayBE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void uint32ToByteArrayBE(long val, byte[] out, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
uint32ToByteArrayLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void uint32ToByteArrayLE(long val, byte[] out, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
uint32ToByteStreamLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void uint32ToByteStreamLE(long val, OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
uint64ToByteArrayLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void uint64ToByteArrayLE(long val, byte[] out, int offset) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
uint64ToByteStreamLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Utils.java	/^    public static void uint64ToByteStreamLE(BigInteger val, OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Utils
unCache	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    protected void unCache() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
unCache	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    protected void unCache() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
unCache	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    protected void unCache() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
unCacheHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void unCacheHeader() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
unCacheTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void unCacheTransactions() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
unitTests	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters unitTests() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
unitTests	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters unitTests() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
unitTests	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/nubits/nubits/core/NetworkParameters.java	/^    public static NetworkParameters unitTests() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:NetworkParameters
unsafeNubitsSerialize	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Message.java	/^    public byte[] unsafeNubitsSerialize() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Message
updateVersionMessageRelayTxesBeforeFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void updateVersionMessageRelayTxesBeforeFilter(VersionMessage ver) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
updateVersionMessageRelayTxesBeforeFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private void updateVersionMessageRelayTxesBeforeFilter(VersionMessage ver) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
updatedAt	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private Date updatedAt;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
useFilteredBlocks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private boolean useFilteredBlocks = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
useFilteredBlocks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private boolean useFilteredBlocks = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vBloomFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile BloomFilter vBloomFilter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vBloomFilter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile BloomFilter vBloomFilter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vConnectTimeoutMillis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private volatile int vConnectTimeoutMillis = DEFAULT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MILLIS;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
vConnectTimeoutMillis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private volatile int vConnectTimeoutMillis = DEFAULT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MILLIS;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
vDownloadData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile boolean vDownloadData;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vDownloadData	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile boolean vDownloadData;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vMinProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile int vMinProtocolVersion = Pong.MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vMinProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile int vMinProtocolVersion = Pong.MIN_PROTOCOL_VERSION;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vMinRequiredProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private volatile int vMinRequiredProtocolVersion = 60000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
vMinRequiredProtocolVersion	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private volatile int vMinRequiredProtocolVersion = 60000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
vPeerVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile VersionMessage vPeerVersionMessage;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vPeerVersionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private volatile VersionMessage vPeerVersionMessage;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
vPingTimer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private volatile Timer vPingTimer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
vPingTimer	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private volatile Timer vPingTimer;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
verify	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void verify() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
verify	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    public void verify() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction
verifyHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void verifyHeader() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
verifyTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    public void verifyTransactions() throws VerificationException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
version	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private long version;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Block	file:
version	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private long version;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
versionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final VersionMessage versionMessage;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
versionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private VersionMessage versionMessage;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
versionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final VersionMessage versionMessage;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
versionMessage	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    @GuardedBy("lock") private VersionMessage versionMessage;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
waitForJobQueue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    void waitForJobQueue() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
waitForJobQueue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    void waitForJobQueue() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
waitForPeers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    public ListenableFuture<PeerGroup> waitForPeers(final int numPeers) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PeerGroup
walletEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private AbstractWalletEventListener walletEventListener = new AbstractWalletEventListener() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
walletEventListener	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private AbstractWalletEventListener walletEventListener = new AbstractWalletEventListener() {$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
wallets	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Wallet> wallets;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
wallets	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Wallet> wallets;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
wallets	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Peer.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Wallet> wallets;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Peer	file:
wallets	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/PeerGroup.java	/^    private final CopyOnWriteArrayList<Wallet> wallets;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerGroup	file:
writeHeader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    void writeHeader(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block
writeObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/core/Transaction.java	/^    private void writeObject(ObjectOutputStream out) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Transaction	file:
writeTarget	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/PeerSocketHandler.java	/^    @VisibleForTesting MessageWriteTarget writeTarget = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PeerSocketHandler
writeTransactions	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj/core/Block.java	/^    private void writeTransactions(OutputStream stream) throws IOException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Block	file:
